Business Model

Vision
What is your business model?
What do you plan to do?
How do you plan to do it?
What are the implications of this vision on the technology solution?

Market
Who is your target market?
Why do they buy your product or service?
What is the size of potential market?
What is your assumed growth rate?
What supply positions/relationships do you have?
Describe your revenue streams. How will they change over time?
What are the top three problems that your technology and services solve?

Systems Management (Processes)
For each of the following processes:
•	Availability Management
•	Performance and Capacity Management
•	Security
•	IT Continuity/Backup & Recovery

Process Questions
Does the process have an owner?
How is the process performed?
How is the process measured?
Is the process clearly defined and documented?
What concerns do you have with the current process?
What would you change?



Technology

Architecture
Provide a Hardware architecture diagram.
Provide a Software architecture diagram.
How open is the architecture?
What are your external interfaces?
What standards do you have?
What significant changes are planned in the IT infrastructure?
What parts of the infrastructure are currently outsourced?
Are there any plans to increase or decrease outsourcing?
What potential does the architecture offer to serve other markets or needs?

Tool Selection
Do the tools permit tuning or modification at the pace the business will require?
How deep is the bend in the marketplace to replace staff on critical tools?

Performance and Capacity
How are the customer (user) satisfaction levels measured?
Are service levels defined and documented?
How is performance monitored?
What tools, techniques, metrics are used to manage performance?
(1)	workstations
(2)	servers
(3)	data networks
(4)	hubs/routers/switches
(5)	applications
How are workloads defined and characterized?
(1)	host servers
(2)	LAN servers
(3)	Hubs/routers/switches
(4)	Workstations
(5)	Applications
(6)	WAN
(7)	CSU/DSU’s
(8)	Data line bandwidth
What tools, techniques and reports are used to manage capacity?

Security
How is security monitored?
What is the frequency and severity of losses due to unauthorized access or intrusion during the last 12 months and year to date?
How is the infrastructure protected against unauthorized access, lost data or information, or intrusion from hostile viruses or other intrusions?
What tools are used for asset control and protection, physical and electronic network security, encryption, and other allied security considerations?

Scalability
How is the need for additional capacity determined?
What are the constraints of expansion?
How much growth has been experienced (and expected) in customers, peak and average transaction volumes?
How does it compare to the growth forecast in the business plan?
How much customizing occurred to support the current volumes?
How will the IT architecture accommodate expected growth?


